1. The dog really drives me mad. It always pees on my shoes.
mad: couldn't think clear or sensible(明智的) way

2. In the suburbs(郊区, sub + urb(城市)) ? , there are fewer houses and more trees.
suburb: a town or other area where people live in housese near a larger city

3. I'm pasting wallpaper onto the wall.
paste: to stick sth. to sth. else using glue or paste

4. The immune(有免疫的) system is like a shell protecting our body from disease.
immune: not capable(有能力的) or being affected by a disease

5. His religion(宗教) taught hime to be kind.
religion: the belief in a god or in a group gods

6. Each additional scoop(勺，一勺之量) made the ice cream more delicious.
additional: further or added

7. Would the customer buy this pair of blue jeans ?
customer: someone who buys gods or services from a business

8.He preferred the company of those who were intellectually inferior(低下的) to himself.
inferior: infer (推断) + ior (表形容词)

9. The temperature is 37 degrees Celsius which is about 99 degrees Fahrenheit
Fahrenheit: 华氏度的 Celsius: 摄氏度的

10. She was elected as representative(代表) of the National People's Congress
representative: soomeone who acts or speaks for or in support of another person or group

11. The spring(弹簧、春天、泉水) is a very elastic(弹性的) thing that can stretch far.
elastic: able to return to the original shape or size after being stretched, squeezed, etc.

12. This is the place where the congress(国会) members have a meeting.
congress: a formal meeting or series of meetings for disscussion between representatives.

13. Worms(蠕虫) can make good fish bait.
worm: a long, thin animal that has a soft body with no legs or bones and that often lives in the ground.

14. They have build business relation(关系、联系、家属), they are partners from now on.
relation: the way in which two people, group or contries behave towards each other.

15. This house is not costly(昂贵的) as i thought.
costly: having a high price, costing a lot

16. Get me out of this cage(囚笼、鸟笼). Where is the key ?
cage: a box made of wire or metal in which people keep animals or birds.

17. It snowed throughout(遍及、到处) the day and night.
throughout: in or to everywhere of sth.

18. The jury(陪审团) was showed proof of crime and in court.
jury: a group of people who are members of the public and are chosen to make a decision in a legal case.

19. They are receiving(接受) their salaries(工资) from Load Bao.
salary: the amount of money that an employee was paid each month or year.

20. Please don't chew(咀嚼) and speak at the same time.
chew: to bite sth. repeatedly with the teeth.

21. The selfish boy doesn't share candies with other kids.
selfish: having or showing concern only for yourself and not for the needs or feelings of other people.

22. The big boss objected(反对) to their new plan.
object: to say that you disagree with, disapprove of or oppose sth.

23. The velocity of the rocket is over 4.5 km/s+
velocity: quickness of motion

24. Completing an exam requires a lot of concentration(专注)
concentration: the ability to give your attention or thought to a single object or activity, the ability to concentrate

25. I'm on a diet(节食), so i will just have a salad(沙拉、凉拌菜).
salad: a dish mixed by only vegetables 

26. I created(创造) the painting all by myself.
create: to produce sth. new , such as work of art by using your talents and imagination

27. The automatic(自动的) production line improves the working efficiency greatly.

28. The circle's radius is about 10 centimeters.
radius: A straight line from the center of a circle or sphere to any point on the  outer edge.

29. horizontal

